[TextField] Add an icon button and action. (#7810)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/components/text-field.md

  - fileName: text-field-with-clear-button.tsx
    title: With clear button
    description: Use to allow merchants to clear the content from a text field.

>   - fileName: text-field-with-icon-button.tsx
>     title: With icon button
>     description: Use to allow merchants to add an icon button inside a text field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - fileName: text-field-with-action.tsx
    title: With action
    description: Use to present merchants with an action to take within the text field, like hiding or showing sensitive input.
```
